As you listen to Brother Lois discuss the arrangement for Tything and Nazarideship, did you try to make a connection with arrangements that we have for modern day worship?
Maybe you were wondering, what corresponds to Tything today?
As Brother Lois mentioned, although Tything was a requirement for the Israelites, it also provided Jehovah's people with regular opportunities to demonstrate their love for Jehovah's Day.
Of course, we no longer have a fixed amount of our income that we're commanded to give to Jehovah.
The Tything arrangement ended with the Mosaic law, and Galatians chapter 6, verse 2, says, we are now under the law of the Christ.
True Christians today give Jehovah just as they have resolved in their hearts.
But the Tything arrangement illustrates something that Jehovah still expects of his people today.
Remember the Tyth was to be not just a tenth, but the best tenth of a person's produce and his animals.
Jehovah deserves nothing less than our very best.
With that in mind, how can we give Jehovah our very best?
Of course, we try hard to obey all of Jehovah's commands, but there is one command that stands out as an identifying mark of true Christians today.
What is it?
Let's read it together on screen at Matthew chapter 28, verses 19 and 20.
It says, go therefore and make disciples of people of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit,
teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you.
And look, I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things.
Were you surprised that we read that verse? Of course not.
We see from these verses that the disciple making work is a requirement for all Christians.
And your dear brothers and sisters have built your lives around that scripture.
You have given and continued to give your very best to obey this life-saving command, and we commend you for that.
Jehovah's organization has always been interested in seeing how this great worldwide work has been progressing.
We enjoy seeing our annual report published each year as we see the number of kingdom publishers increasing.
The worldwide report helps the governing body to see where to send missionaries, special pioneers and pioneers.
Let's watch a video that highlights how Jehovah's people have taken this commission seriously over the years.
When did we begin reporting field service activity? Prior to 1920, only coal porters, as pioneers were then called, were asked to submit reports.
But beginning in 1920, everyone in the congregation who participated in the witness work was asked to turn in a weekly report.
The 1920 annual service report for the United States was the first to include the activity of congregation publishers.
That report revealed that there were 8,052 class workers or publishers and 350 pioneers active in the preaching work.
Twice a year during the late 1920s, one week was designated for a special worldwide witnessing campaign.
Pioneers had a goal of 40 hours for that special week.
In January 1939, a suggestion was placed before congregation publishers, a goal of 60 hours per month.
Early on, congregation field service reports were thorough.
Over the years, the forms used to report publisher's field service activity have been simplified.
Reports have consistently included back calls or return visits, Bible studies, publication placements, and hours spent in the disciple making work.
As was the case back then, there's always a story behind a field service report.
The first time I walked into a kingdom hall, when I was 16, I saw this chart on the stage.
And I realized this organization is concerned about what we do, what we say, and how much we say about Jehovah.
I realized that from the start, so that after the third month of studying, when I started going out in field service, I wanted to turn my time in too.
And they showed me how to do it, and I've been turning it ever since.
Ellen and I were invited into the Special Pioneer Service in 1966.
The monthly requirement was 150 hours and 50 return visits.
It was a good incentive.
What we had a quote back then of 150 magazines, one for every hour, a special pioneers or missionaries.
And one day we run into our fellow missionary and his wife on the way to the movies.
They went every Saturday, every Saturday, but this particular Saturday says, I can't go to the movies because I don't have my 150 magazines.
So I've got five more to go, and then we can go to the movies.
Let's start in 1961, wouldn't it?
We were sent a special pioneer in a trailer of five hours of service every day.
And getting our time was no problem.
Living for a month or $100, that was a problem.
So Dave said, I'm going to go out and get a job.
About that time they had put a new store in town, beautiful.
He would now do that store and told him, I was going to work one day a week.
What are you going to do the rest of the time?
So he said, well, I knock on doors and tell them about God's kingdom.
It's really, this is my door, knock on it.
He came in the truth, his wife came in the truth, children are in the truth.
And they had a secretary, didn't they? She had seven children.
And she said, well, I'd like to study the Bible too.
And we would study with seven after they had supper.
The beauty of it is that they did so well.
Yeah, after that, we studied with the parents.
So the time we got through it was probably almost midnight.
And we took our circuit over to you there.
And he said, I'm too old for this midnight shift.
I never felt it was a question of getting the hours in.
I always try to make them quality calls, you know, try to say something with the people.
Not just go there and get the magazines placed.
Or my Bible studies, I would try so hard to really get to know the people.
But it was never just a question of getting an hours.
We're trying to save lives.
Isn't that wonderful to hear from those dear faithful ones?
And Brother Butel is now 100 years of age.
And Sister Butel is 98.
What a good start on living forever.
As we've seen, the arrangement for reporting our field activity has served a valuable purpose for many years.
However, as Brother Fleeco mentioned in the opening talk of this symposium,
Jehovah's people are motivated to praise Jehovah because of our great love for him.
Sharing in the ministry also reflects our sincere love for our neighbors and our love for the good news.
So we engage in our ministry not because we feel out of report each month.
We might say that our ministry is our personal gift to Jehovah and to our neighbors.
But Jehovah is realistic.
He knows that many of our brothers and sisters are limited by circumstances, such as advancing age or serious health issues.
Others cope with the rising cost of living, civil strife, war, or opposition to our work.
The reason COVID-19 pandemic greatly limited what many of us were able to do in the ministry.
Some who have preached faithfully for decades may be embarrassed to report little time in the ministry.
If that is true, you should you feel that you have failed in some way, not at all.
Note the Principle at 2 Corinthians chapter 8 verse 12.
For if the readiness is there first, it is especially acceptable according to what a person has,
not according to what a person does not have.
If we're giving Jehovah our best, he wants us to rejoice in what we do,
not to feel guilty about what we cannot do.
The Scriptures associate sacrifices to Jehovah with joy.
For example, Nehemiah chapter 12 verse 43 says,
on that day they offered great sacrifices and rejoiced,
for the true God made them rejoice with great joy.
Can you imagine Jehovah judging an Israelite unfaithful because his 10th was less than another person's 10th?
Of course not.
Everyone's circumstances and abilities are different.
Brother Loesch explained that although tithing was a requirement in ancient Israel,
Jehovah did not require others to monitor or keep track of each person's tith.
Tithing was entirely between the individual Israelite and Jehovah.
The governing body believes this same Principle can be applied when it comes to reporting our time spent in the ministry.
Our ministry involves much more than counting time for this reason.
We are pleased to announce that beginning November 1st, 2023,
congregation publishers will no longer be asked to report the amount of time they spend in the ministry.
Nor will publishers be asked to report their placements, the videos they show, or their return visits.
Instead, the Field Service Report will simply have a box that will allow each publisher to indicate that he or she shared in any form of the ministry during the month.
There will be one more box where publishers report the number of different Bible studies they conduct.
This simplified report serves a valuable purpose.
It will allow us to know the number of active publishers in each land.
It will also help us to know whether certain territories are producing Bible studies
and where there is a greater need for pioneers, special pioneers, missionaries, and Kingdom Hall.
Although publishers will no longer report their time in the ministry,
we all want to follow faithfully the words of Colossians chapter 3, verses 23 and 24.
Whatever you are doing, work at at whole soul as for Jehovah and not for men.
For you know that it is from Jehovah, you will receive the inheritance as a reward.
Slave for the master, Christ.
The governing body is confident that you dear ones will continue to render whole soul service to Jehovah by doing all that you can in his service.
And just as Jehovah richly blessed faithful Israelites who generously supported the tithing arrangement, he will richly bless your sacrifice appraise.
But wait, what about the Nazarite arrangement?
Is there a similar provision in the modern day organization?
Certainly, we all do well to imitate the Nazarites example of self-sacrifice and courage.
However, as Brother Loesch explained, the Nazarites had to meet certain requirements that were not expected of Israelites in general.
The same is true of modern day pioneers.
They have volunteered to devote a certain number of hours to spend in the ministry.
Thus auxiliary and regular pioneers, special pioneers, missionaries and circuit overseers and their wives will continue to report the number of hours they spend in the ministry.
Along with the number of different Bible studies they conduct.
As you know, the governing body recently reduced the hour requirements for auxiliary pioneers, regular pioneers, special pioneers, field missionaries and circuit overseers and their wives.
It gave us great joy to do that and we are convinced that as a result, even more will be able to join the ranks of the pioneers.
Why are we so confident of that?
Because of what it says at Psalm 110, verse 3,
Your people will offer themselves willingly on the day of your military force.
Yes, Jehovah promises that his people and young ones in particular would reach out to do more in this time of the end.
Many pioneers eventually attend the school for kingdom evangelizers.
They become special pioneers, field missionaries and even circuit overseers with their wives.
We thank Jehovah for those who reach out to serve as pioneers.
But let's thank for a moment what this adjustment will mean for all of us.
Isn't it true that reporting our field service activity each month has served as a reminder?
Our monthly report reminded us to be regular in the ministry, to use our various publications and videos and to make return visits.
But what about now?
Will we still be conscientious about having an active share in the ministry each month?
Remember that with the tithing arrangement, each individual was responsible to give their full tie to Jehovah.
Likewise, each of us will want to set personal goals to make sure we have a zealous share in the ministry.
Love for Jehovah will move us to have a schedule to make sure the ministry continues to take priority in our lives.
What will these adjustments in reporting our ministry mean for you elders and the circuit overseers?
It will be even more important that you brothers be discerning shepherds.
You will have to know the flock well, for example.
Evaluating a congregation's spiritual health or a brother's qualifications to serve as an elder or ministerial servant will not simply be a matter of computing averages, time spent in the ministry, literature placements, and so forth.
No, you will have to know the brothers.
What is their attitude toward the ministry?
Are they zealous for pure worship?
What is their reputation in regard to the ministry?
Do they take advantage of opportunities to give a witness?
Do they help others to do so, including the members of their family?
We have discussed Jehovah clearly deserves our best, and we demonstrate our love for him by exerting ourselves in the ministry and in all other aspects of our worship.
Jehovah loves you for that, and we love you for that.
We know you will continue to manifest the spirit expressed at Psalm 54 verse 6.
It says, I will sacrifice to you willingly.
I will praise your name, old Jehovah, for it is good.
So we have no doubt that you will continue to give Jehovah your very best in the disciple making work.